# For St Andrews
Please look at Spoti-WhatsApp-Integration.py and fetchsong.py, the other file is outdated  
Programming languages used: Python  
Program Function: Program written using the Selenium library and the Spotify API to update my WhatsApp status to my Spotify listening status in real time.  
Selenium is used to create a headless chrome instance to interface the WhatsApp Web API.  
Scale of project: Functions - 4  
Lines: ~200  
OOP used - None  
Data structures - JSON/Dict & tuples

# Spoti-WhatsApp-Integration
Program with development starting at the end of Year 10 (Original file created 11 ‎June ‎2023) and the main bulk being done at the beginning of Year 11 (September/November 2023)  
The "whatsapp spotify presence.py" file is the original version of the program, which used Selenium's key and click sending functionality to emulate a user typing the status information.  
Program written using the Selenium library and the Spotify API to update my WhatsApp status to my Spotify listening status in real time.  
Selenium is used to create a headless chrome instance to interface the WhatsApp Web API.  
Be warned that this program might break the WhatsApp ToS - I am not resposible if your account gets banned or you lose any data.  
# Instructions
The first time you run the program, do not run it in headless mode. You will need to be able to scan the QR code to authenticate WhatsApp Web. After you have done this, you will be able to run headless mode.  
Example config.json file:
```
wait_floor = 2
wait_ceil = 5
headless = True
CLIENT_ID = "CLIENT_ID_HERE"
CLIENT_SECRET = "CLIENT_SECRET_HERE"
REFRESH_TOKEN = "REFRESH_TOKEN_HERE"
```
Ensure you set sensible wait floor and ceiling values, as setting these values too low will lead to ratelimiting.  
Client ID, Client Secret, and refresh tokens can be generated by following the [Spotify Developer Documentation](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api) (Read the "Getting started" section) and read this [article](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/tutorials/code-flow) to get a refresh token.
